Previously,
on Robots In Disguise:
Strongarm, are you there?
Is that Stunticon turning out
to be a big problem?
You're trespassing.
I've claimed this valley for my chief.
It has been a long time
since I've seen such speed and agility.
I am so ready
for today's championship game.
Apply some coolant wouldn't you?
I'd like to see something
even try to surprise us.
Aliens.
Have you seen any?
Uh, no?
Does Stunticon have some friends?
He has missiles.
One 'Con with some
missiles shouldn't be too tough.
The nuclear waste disposal site.
One for each of us, scrap.
We can't let those missiles
explode on the ground
in this part of the valley.
Everyone rev up and roll out, fast.
Pour it on, team.
Head for those mountains.
Wait. Where's Grimlock?
Keep going. I'll catch up. Might
be tomorrow but I'll catch up.
He is too slow.
He's not gonna make it.
♪ Transformers ♪
♪ Robots in disguise ♪
Sync and corrections by masaca
- addic7ed.com -
- What do we do?
- I'll go back
and try to push
Grimlock out of the way.
No. I recognize
that type of missile.
Amplify comm signals
by three Megahertz.
Transmit at full power.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Good thinking, Drift.
We shorted out
the missiles' detonators.
Precisely.
I can't contact the Scrapyard.
That stunt zotzed our comms.
If he fires more rockets at us,
we can't try that again.
Not that our comms
were working so well,
with all that background
nuclear radiation interfering.
Hi, guys. I'm alive.
I wonder what effect that
radiation is having on us.
Yeah, let's deal with this
Stunticon as quickly as possible.
Agreed.
He caught me off-guard before
but now that I know
what we're up against,
we'll make short work of this perp.
We know he's hiding up there. Stay behind
cover as much as possible on the way.
- You too, Grimlock.
- I won't argue.
Sir, regulations specifically say...
Strongarm, we tackle missions
like this all the time.
Yes, sir.
Then let's rev up and roll out.
Stay behind cover.
Rusty, get your head
back in the game, pal.
It's the championship.
You missed a field goal.
It's not a big deal.
No, he's a big deal.
As long as they have that kid
I'll never make another field goal.
I shouldn't have shot my mouth
off before the game.
With missiles in the equation, it's a good
thing this valley has been evacuated.
Well, not completely evacuated.
What does that mean?
We encountered
some kind of hermit, sir.
But he didn't see us in
Bot-Mode, so our cover is good.
We didn't want him finding out who
we were, so we got out of there.
Well, his life is in danger, so go
back there and get him to leave.
But Lieutenant, in this situation...
In this situation, you get
that hermit out of here.
Go.
Will do, Bee.
Ha. Caught up to you.
Must be getting faster.
Aw, no fair.
Hmm.
Cover here is scarce.
It's the only way through.
What's with all these barrels?
Does this Stunticon really
think these will stop us?
Heh, maybe he's not
so bright after all.
He filled these barrels with oil.
Each one of them is a bomb.
Got the message yet, Autobots?
When Heatseeker claims
territory for his chief,
it stays claimed.
Evasive maneuvers.
We are fortunate to be far
from the nuclear waste disposal site.
Explosions here will not damage it.
Some easy mission.
Strongarm was right: we were
completely unprepared
for something like this
because I let us go soft.
Now is not the time
for self-recrimination.
We must regain our focus.
That is what makes our team
so successful.
You'll never take me, aliens.
Oh. It's you again.
Did you find any aliens, hm?
Sir, you have to leave
this area immediately.
There's danger of a radiation leak.
Mule muffins.
That's just another government
cover story, trying to scare us.
I'm not leaving till I contact
some honest-to-goodness
extraterrestrials.
Well, now what?
We've done everything
just like the manual says.
Well, if he wants to see aliens,
maybe we show him aliens.
What? No way.
Hey, desperate times
call for desperate measures.
You still here?
Greetings. From another world.
Aliens!
You're... You're...
You're real...
A real alien.
Oh, scrud, Sideswipe.
Even though I've been saying it
for all these years, I...
I never thought I'd actually see...
Ugh.
I better call someone.
The newspapers.
The army.
What? Wait, no, no, no.
We come in peace, human.
We have been among you,
hiding and observing for years.
And we bring great secret
knowledge to share.
Yeah, uh, uh, yes, but we will tell you
when you can share this wondrous news
with the rest of your planet.
No.
You're not aliens.
No visitors from other planets
would disguise themselves
as flashy cars.
I... I must be hallucinating.
yeah.
Yeah, that's it. Ugh. The government
put something in my cactus juice.
It's not going to work, you hear me.
Ho, ho!
I'm on to you!
Well played, Sideswipe.
Back at you.
Come on out, Autobots.
What are you scared of?
A few missiles?
We're pinned here,
what we need is a diversion.
- Hi guys. I made it.
- Grimlock. Perfect.
We need you to distract
this Stunticon, Heatseeker,
so Drift and I can get close
to him and take him out.
But beware.
He has protected himself
with oil-filled barrels
that his missiles can explode.
No, I got this.
'Atta Dino.
Heads up, coming at you.
I got this, I got this.
Okay, we don't want that
happening too often.
That ought to make him think twice.
Wait, there was two others.
How do you like that, Drift?
He is smarter than he looks.
It doesn't take a genius
to lay the smack down on you.
You just paid the Stunticon's
toll, you broken toaster.
I don't care
what you are, Heatseeker.
You're just another 'Con to me.
Whoa! Ugh!
Aw, scrap.
See you down the road, Autobot.
Hey. What are you...? Ugh.
I... I...
I can fly! Whoo-whoo!
Whoa. Ugh.
Wha...?
What are you doing, son?
- The game's not over.
- It is for me.
Rusty. Field goal
time. You're in.
Sorry, Hank, I can't...
I'm injured.
- Injured?
- It was that last kick I tried...
I did something to my ankle.
Ow.
Well, if we don't have our best kicker,
we'll just have to go for a first down.
Feel better.
Rusty, why'd you lie?
If I go out there, I'm just
going to hurt the team
and make myself look silly.
You'll hurt them more
if you don't even try.
But I did try.
You know, I was a good student
when I was your age.
Made all A's.
But then I got a D.
It floored me.
For a long time after that,
I didn't think I could ever
get an A again.
So you quit school and started a
successful business selling vintage stuff?
No.
I realized that if I quit then,
I could find a reason to quit anything
for the rest of my life.
And I didn't wanna do that.
So I went back, figured out what I
was doing wrong and worked at it.
Hard.
And I started getting A's again.
And after I graduated, then I started a
successful business selling vintage stuff.
Alright, way to go, everybody.
Sounds like your team scored.
You could still pull this game out.
There's plenty of time left.
This is fantastic.
Yeeee-haw!
But who are you?
How did you...
Why did you do this?
Hang on sounds like
we're not alone up here.
Drift, are you damaged?
I am fine.
Where's Bee?
Oh.
Bee's been holding out on us.
He never said he could fly.
It looks like he has some
kind of a modification.
A Mini-Con?
Great job, Lieutenant.
All right.
I bet he spotted that Stunticon.
Let's get over there.
No, you all go ahead, I'll catch up.
Come on, come on.
Gotta get out to this valley before the
government shows up to lock me away,
or before the alien invasion
starts, whichever...
I was headed back to my chief
to get some help
with these pesky Autobots,
but maybe I've got all the help
I need right here.
It ain't a talking alien car, man,
you're still seeing things,
just keep working.
Heatseeker. Roll away from the human.
Just get in the van, man.
Drive away from the hallucinations.
We're on top of a nuclear waste
dump, Decepticon,
don't do anything foolish.
Hi, guys, I'm...
Oh, business time.
Game face.
Don't let him fire.
Smother him.
The chief ain't gonna like this.
Huh? But the chief will like this.
Time out. Time out.
How's it looking out there?
Time's running out.
We can maybe run one more play
and hope for a miracle.
Or, we could try a field goal.
- But your ankle...
- It feels a lot better.
What about the tall kid?
I've been working the problem.
To get the ball over that kid,
it's gonna have to fly higher, earlier.
If I change the angle of my leg...
And if I tilt the ball a little more
when I hold it for you...
Let's give it a try.
Yes.
Yes. Heh. What a kick.
What... What happened?
Is everyone okay?
Ugh. I feel weird.
Like I transformed
but in a different way, maybe.
I feel like I had a bunch
of stuff on my head.
I remember only darkness.
Whatever it was seems to be over.
Probably, we were just knocked
silly by the explosion.
We have been most fortunate.
It appears the blast did not
damage the ground,
or anything beneath it.
No sign of Heatseeker,
or the Mini-Con
that helped me fly.
Judging by these tracks,
it doesn't look like
they were destroyed.
Scrud. I'll tell you something
else there's no sign of,
my Decepticon Hunter.
I'm on it.
Maybe it was destroyed?
Could have been, I suppose.
I scouted
to a quarter-klick out.
No sign of your DH, boss.
There's nothing more to be done
here, let's head home for now.
We need to re-focus
on preparation.
I don't want us
taken by surprise again.
Sir, even sticking
too tightly to the rules
can get you in trouble.
That's a good point, Cadet. But the least
we can do is stay on top of our training
and be flexible in case of
anything we're not expecting.
We can't take anything for granted.
The stakes we play for are too high.
Let's rev up and roll out.
Heatseeker.
Why aren't you holding your territory?
Ran into some Autobots.
I could have taken them,
but I found this
and thought I should bring it
back to you, pronto, chief.
What is it?
Looks Cybertronian.
Yeah, I found it in a crater
with a bunch of destroyed
Cybertronian stuff
but this still works.
It gets like this whenever it's
around anything from back home.
So? Big deal.
Chief, it finds Cybertronian tech
and there's tons of it on this mudball.
Ah, stuff we can use
to help us take over Earth's roads.
You have done well.
Bring Bumblebee's
Decepticon Hunter to me.
Sync and corrections by masaca
- addic7ed.com -
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from OpenSubtitles.org